ok here we are in a new tutorial
of minecraft where it used to be made
a giant size mario statue is
statue the good thing is that the
Like others who have done have
few materials and it's not very difficult to
do first for the base of the feet
we would need oak wood that
will put the as always 8 x 4 and the
the first entire row of wood the second
from behind we do not put it on
behind it is blue the row of the next
rows will really be put from this
block
and here they will put the white flat
to make the buckles of the shoes and
on top of the two white ones another two for
to the top and then from
here you have to count 16 you have to continue
putting blocks 17 blocks up until
get here that would be the limit
of the breastplate after
we removed one bone we removed one of the
lines on each side and we put one blue
one yellow two blue one yellow and one
blue to make the points of the oil and
then we do this to do the
suspenders
then to make the arms like
always 4x4 and it comes from top to bottom
of red of 9 blocks and of white 3
blocks and in the other arm equal
and from behind the back does not have one
said nothing because you do not have to do anything
you just make the thousand the same
breast shape is what without
village these yellow without putting the
yellow because only get by
ahead and then to make head for
in front you put on the first line 3 of
birch wood that is the most clarita
that there is meat seems then both
reds for the mouth other three wooden
of birch in the following we leave one to
each side and we put the others wool
brown to make the mustache in the
next two on each side to do the
rest of the mustache and the rest of color of
wood the next another wooden the
next one wood each side then
white wool of white wool and black wool
to make the eyes and in the middle wool
in the wool birch wood and in the
next we put three of red to each
side and in the center where the normal for
do as if it were the emi but I do not know
can do because there are no blocks
enough and the rest of the red cap
laterally from behind two would be left
red after all brown until the
antepenultimate and would be followed
ladder and we continue like this to do
as if it were the pin and in the other
equal side so I do not write it and
Finally in the back is left
also the area of ​​the red cap as in
all the others on the other side minus the
less in this piece that is left more for
down as it already explains from the neutral side
and now back here the
first entire wooden line then
we leave one on each side and the rest all
of brown wool to make the hair by
behind
Well, if that was all
you want some notes in particular what
leave in the comments and if I
You ask how luigi's is done
very easy to change the red for the green and
good point to like and subscribe and
comment on the description